Apr 5, 2012
The Legend of Zelda: Skyward Sword
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qxbiRLAuNqE
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/187899513195868161
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/273166529436719

hi I'm Tara and welcome to another
episode of game station 2.0
The Legend of Zelda Skyward Sword was
released in November 2011 and is the
sixteenth game to bear the name Zelda
but chronologically speaking it is the
first one in this long-winded and
pointless series of games created by as
sugar of my Emoto who also created Mario
which Evans is about to enter his game
pod now let's see what he thinks of
Zelda Skyward Sword
good morning unit 603 idiot it's time
for your game review when I press this
activation button the game you will be
reviewing will emerge from window 2 in
your game station pod what the [ __ ] yep
that wasn't a game that was a baseball
my mistake I must have hit the wrong
button you mean he hit the wrong button
one button on there oh that was a
goddamn prick Skyward Sword is the
latest installment the long-running
Legend of Zelda series when this came
out there was a lot of talk about
whether or not this game was truly
innovative or in fact just more of the
same the truth I think is a little bit
of both you're still linked well one of
them you still roam the countryside of
Hyrule searching for the mythical
Triforce Zelda still needs rescuing and
there's still dungeons for link to
explore each dungeon contains a special
item that must be used to press to the
next area and Link still has an annoying
sidekick who keeps nagging us with
information we already know it's an old
formula and it's still there
the issue is the new stuff doesn't
really work for me the big new feature
is the addition of support for the Wii
MotionPlus as you wave your Wii mode
through the air link sword will follow
the exact same motions on screen fights
in this game are a slow affair humanoid
enemies you encounter block most of your
attacks so wildly hacking and slashing
won't serve to do anything but not your
Wii most calibration out of whack the
better fights in the game require you to
pay close attention to your enemy's
defenses and then use the game sword
fighting gimmick to land precision
strikes at their vulnerable points one
of
highlights being the forearms stalfos
mini-boss i give the game credit for
trying something different but all said
and done I think I was having more fun
when all I had to do was press the a
button to swing my sword Evans comma
rich report I need to inform you that
the prognosticator is on the fritz again
repair teams are on their way ok but
what's a prognosticator why are you
behind protective glass a prognosticator
is a highly sophisticated piece of
equipment that emits radiation the
purpose of it is to make human males
sterile and I'm behind protective glass
to hide my gigantic erection probably my
major issue with the game Noah's
exploration Skyward Sword by far has the
least interesting overworld in the
series the game advertise link riding
around in the sky and a giant bird then
you spend 10 minutes flying around and
you realize the sky is just one big
giant wasteland there are some rocks
floating around the occasional island
with a locked chest sitting on it but by
and large there's absolutely nothing
interesting to find or do there say what
you will about the wind wakers vast
oceans but there was almost always
something interesting to discover and
pretty much every section of that game
see that's really not so true with
Skyward Sword Link eventually does make
it down to solid ground but those
sections are more like an extension of
the game's dungeons a series of puzzles
to solve
rather than areas to explore there's not
really anything like Hyrule Field from
pastel de Games there are three major
areas of dry land and this game has you
backtracking through the multiple times
so you'll be seeing the scenery an awful
lot
yes unit 603 idiot is aware that his
game station pod is primarily used to
house deadly engine exhaust gas yes he
is also aware that it will give him
cancer yes he signed all the paperwork
hold on I didn't sign anything I'm sorry
I have to call you back Oh what
I'm I still got a captive here what is
this game station this is a spaceship
this is a government lab somewhere in
the Nevada desert Maya my moon base
anyway I don't have much to say about
the story it's the story in these games
is never really all that important the
game introduces some interesting
concepts that could shade the way you
view the rest of the series and also
shed some light on exactly why Princess
Zelda is so darn important there's even
the first hints of a romantic
relationship between Link and Zelda but
the storytelling in the game is shoved
far enough into the background that
nothing interesting ever really comes
out of it a lot of the additions to the
game like the ability to upgrade items
via grinding for treasures that enemies
drop or the bizarre meaningless dialogue
choices feel very much tacked on to me
like Nintendo felt pressure to take the
series in a bold new direction but
didn't really have any clue on exactly
what to do Skyward Sword isn't a grand
new evolution of the Zelda franchise
it's a Frankenstein's monster of the
same old Zelda with new ill-fitting
parts grafted onto it all wrapped around
the gimmick of a motion controlled sword
the truth is this game does deserve the
handful of mediocre scores that received
and the series shouldn't automatically
get a ten out of ten pass just because
the subtitle has the words legend of and
Zelda in front of it
unit 603 idiot I see you've concluded
your review all done sir excellent thank
you for your cooperation
let me send in your next review
