Mar 21, 2012
Batman Arkham City
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BKDv_WTwprk
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/182868613089337345
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/278677258873021

Hi, I'm Tara, and welcome to Game Station 2.0.
Batman Arkham City was developed by
Rocksteady Studios and release in
October of 2011 by Warner Brothers
Interactive Entertainment the game
features the voices of Mark Hamill and
Kevin Conroy reprising their roles as
the Joker and Batman from the 90s
cartoon show Batman the Animated Series
I love Mario Kart well let's see what
rich Evans thinks about Batman Arkham
City as we head over to the game station
ow Oh Arkham City
[Music]
Batman Arkham City is the newest game
from Rocksteady Studios and the sequel
to the highly acclaimed Arkham Asylum
when it comes to the gameplay
Arkham City is really two games a
fighting game where Batman takes on
dozens of enemies at a time and a silent
predator stealth game where Batman
silently eliminates armed foes one by
one the combat is unique and is built
around the concept of fighting a large
group of enemies all at once it tends to
feel more like a rhythm game rather than
a standard button-mashing brawler combat
is improved since the first game and
Batman has more moves and a few new
gadgets added to his arsenal making the
action feel a bit more varied his foes
have also learned a thing or two and
rather than nicely trying to attack the
bat one at a time now occasionally
they'll try and tackle the Caped
Crusader two or maybe even three at once
with the notable exception of mr. freeze
the weakest aspect of the action in this
game are the boss fights as ironically
one-on-one combat doesn't work quite so
well in a game that was obviously
designed around the concept of multifold
battle Royales
in a Batman game I don't want a boss
fight with Ra's al Ghul's thugs I want a
good one-on-one duel with Roz alone
hello
Evans comma rich unit 603 idiots I will
be your overseer I'm currently assigned
to unit 4 subsection 600 through 609 I
will monitor your progress ok thank you
for explaining the premise what are you
currently working on mr. Evans
yeah well that's kind of right in the
middle of a review for Arkham City and, well, you kind of interrupted
I'll interrupt you when I deem necessary and as frequently as I deemed necessary
do you understand me
yeah
asshole
what did you call me
I said have a very nice day sir
and then I called you an asshole
the stealth sections are great and have the dark night quietly or not so quietly taking out armed thugs
Batman has been given new takedowns to
keep the stealth interesting and the
enemies have also been given new tools
as well like mines night-vision goggles
from jammers that block out Batman's
detective vision the stealth section set
this game apart and nothing makes you
feel more like the Batman than making
the last couple of thugs so terrified
that they start shooting at random
shadows while not quite as large as
grand theft auto's Liberty City the
small prison of the first game has been
replaced with a decently sized condemned
chunk of Gotham City to explore complete
with a number of side question hundreds
of Riddler trophies to collect Batman
has been fitted with an upgraded
grappling hook and increased gliding
capabilities to allow Batman to navigate
the bigger environment easier I think it
was a bit of a wasted opportunity though
as many of the side missions feel
incomplete and a lot of them end with
what amounts to a to be continued
I've never been a fan of collectible
objects and games and I feel like being
forced to collect 400 Riddler trophies
just to see the end of Riddler story is
a little bit excessive
it's useless padding to inflate the
playing time of a game that's perfectly
good enough not to need the padding at
all however most people will still enjoy
just gliding around the city and
occasionally dropping down to beat the
snot out of random inmates who were
otherwise just minding their own
business
excuse me mr. Evans his Batman Arkham
City about Batman I'm sorry that you
want to know if the game called Batman
Arkham City is about Batman yes he is
he's clearly featured on the screen of
course this is about Batman thank you
overall Arkham City is a great game it
offers up the definitive Batman
experience most all of Batman's classic
foes make an appearance from the Joker
voiced by Mark Hamill - a very menacing
version of the penguin even some of the
more obscure characters like Deadshot
make an appearance this game truly makes
you feel like The Dark Knight and if
you're a fan of the comics you will
definitely get a lot out of this game
mr. Evans it's now time for the engine
to pointlessly fent
dangerous exhaust fumes inside your game
station pod I have to go now I'm sorry
what
[Music]
oh my god it's dangerous engine exhaust
fumes oh my god fully coming at me
